Add info about next version (#10261)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/threat-protection/windows-defender-application-control/use-device-guard-signing-portal-in-microsoft-store-for-business.md

- Windows 11
- Windows Server 2016 and above

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > The existing web-based mechanism for the Device Guard Signing Service v1 will be retired on June 9, 2021. Please transition to the PowerShell based version of the service [(DGSS v2)](/microsoft-store/device-guard-signing-portal). For more details, see [Sign an MSIX package with Device Guard signing](/windows/msix/package/signing-package-device-guard-signing) and [Device Guard signing](/microsoft-store/device-guard-signing-portal).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The web-based Device Guard Signing Service is retired. Please transition to the PowerShell based version of the service [(DGSS v2)](/microsoft-store/device-guard-signing-portal). For more details, see [Sign an MSIX package with Device Guard signing](/windows/msix/package/signing-package-device-guard-signing) and [Device Guard signing](/microsoft-store/device-guard-signing-portal).
```

> > The existing web-based mechanism for the Device Guard Signing service v1 will be retired on June 9, 2021. Please transition to the PowerShell based version of the service [(DGSS v2)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-store/device-guard-signing-portal). More details can be found [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/msix/package/signing-package-device-guard-signing) and [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-store/device-guard-signing-portal).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> The existing web-based mechanism for the Device Guard Signing Service v1 will be retired on June 9, 2021. Please transition to the PowerShell based version of the service [(DGSS v2)](/microsoft-store/device-guard-signing-portal). For more details, see [Sign an MSIX package with Device Guard signing](/windows/msix/package/signing-package-device-guard-signing) and [Device Guard signing](/microsoft-store/device-guard-signing-portal).
```
